congratulations on your baby
[Applause]
thanks yeah she was born on August 16th
my birthday is the 18th you know was a
big birthday for you I was a biggie yeah
so was there did you have a thing or
well no not really because you know my
wife was in the middle of labor and all
those things so but I did get to bring
my baby home on my birthday oh that's
right that's a good good you know you'll
never have another birthday again right
now my wife's birthday is the 14th my
older daughter's birthday is the 15th my
you know month old babies was 16 Wow
my birthday is Passover there's why
there's a very particular rutting season
in your family and I will have to count
that back and see what it is I guess it
would be somewhere in November okay be
it's an election that gets you guys
going have no I was just asking Biola
about the finale of her show right did
you go into the show knowing how it
would end or how many seasons it would
go I mean Sam asked me I always did say
it would be about four or five seasons
so he said that he always knew what the
ending was going to be from the
beginning he didn't share that until I
mean every season we've we have done the
show he calls fills us in on what our
character arc will be for that
particular season okay so for this last
season he called after all the scripts
were done and written and and you know
spelled it out and it was it's it's
extraordinary I think it was a very
exciting very interesting there's gonna
be a lot of hard things to cope with and
deal with really oh yeah no it's it's
it's again it's a great show it's such
an original show it's really like no
show ever and on top of that
you got rami malek well I know you guys
are very close you really got to watch
him blossom from this kid that nobody
knew yeah - this big superstar right
yeah no it's great I mean he is his
performance of course in Bohemian
Rhapsody was extraordinary I knew from
the first day that we worked together I
loved the guy
man we saw things the same way and I
just got along great and yeah to have
been a part of this journey and see you
know and he's a very nice kid very great
I love him do you have someone like that
because you were acting from very young
he do have and you've been in so many
things with so many people did you have
an older actor who kind of yeah took you
under his wing well to a certain degree
I worked with Sean Connery when I was 15
that's a years ago around there yeah it
was this movie called the name of the
rose and we were both playing 13th
century medieval monks walking around
trying to solve some murder mystery that
was crazy but ya know he was great just
somebody to really look up to and admire
I mean I was 15 and to be working with
James Bond at that age yes oh my god yes
that's guts gotta be nuts that wasn't
that soon as it is you spend a lot of
like personal time together oh yeah we
went to dinner
oh yeah we did get to know each other I
mean look I was 16 so there was a there
was an age gap but I did always feel
very supported by him and he was
wonderful to work with and I had to do a
love scene in that particular movie you
know I was very very scared
uh-huh it was really nervous and he
pulled me aside and said just remember
to breathe boy we got through it
he always remember to breathe yeah you
have to breathe good advice for bond is
there anything that you will take as a
memento from the set of mr. robot is
there an item well I did get I got the
jacket okay yeah I always wear and I got
the Hat because the Hat was originally
mine anyway I came in there and so you
were allowed to keep your hat I was
after four seasons so wait you said you
wore this hat yeah yeah to like the set
well I wore to the first wardrobe
fitting the fitting yeah and they're
like this is good this way my sweat and
it was dirty it was all that you know
stuff in it so I just had a good natural
raw quality to it it was the greatest
gig for many reasons but one in
particular is the fact that you know
everybody else would have to go into
makeup you get ready I would show up I
was bearded and you know all I needed
was some dirt some a hat and you know I
was this guy's imaginary friend so I
could get away I was in there for two
minutes every day it was heaven
Woodward their backup hats their work
there weren't sure just in case so you
didn't have the pressure of the Hat yeah
that's right you know would you bring
the head home or within the Hat to go in
like a little safe or something like
that they they would retrieve the he
would take to have a veil they would
take the Hat from me I was not allowed
to leave the set with that even though
it was your hat that was my eagle right
all the you call making that hat I could
have I could whatever you want it ever I
wanted to good luck guys these bastards
took that away from you I know you had
to go home Atlas that's the whole four
season I'll let you in
[Laughter]
I'm in so much trouble now you find that
like you can have an object like some
something physical whether it be a piece
of clothing or hand up whatever a
cigarette whatever and then you kind of
build the character around that well
usually it starts really with the
underpants yeah you you know you've
researched the character and you find
out what kind of Underpants you wear and
and you do the whole shopping no I know
I'm probably being dumb but are you
being serious do you change the
underpants according to maybe there
might be no Underpants for some
characters you know some roles yeah some
might have you know the white ones I
might go with the ones that go halfway
down the lake that's right yes right now
all different kind okay so mr. robot
what what type of Underpants are we
talking about here yeah well those go
home with you or going to Smithsonian
well I mean it really comes down I guess
to you know the Elliotts
you know cuz I am his imaginary friend
so whatever he imagined know is what I
had to there is the possibility of
command oh I see well it's great to see
ya it's always great to see you the
robot it's the last season airs October
Christian Slater everybody arrived back
with Gary Clark jr. if you liked that
video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies